You may not know me.
Alright, I'm Forsen, the dankest streamer on Twitch, of course.
Well, that's pretty much who I am.
All right, so you stream games for a living?
Yes.
So obviously this is the beginning.
Maybe before... So this is going to be a free conversation.
We will probably jump around from one topic to another.
So, Sebastian, I know that you were a Strayed 8 student.
So Strayed 8.
Pretty much.
I mean, I had two subjects that I had the second best grade in.
Yeah.
And was it because you were not good enough in those subjects or was it something else?
Maybe one of them, one of them was physical education.
I had some asthma growing up, so surprised that the computer nerd with asthma didn't make the best grade.
But the other one was chemistry.
And I think that that was unfair.
A lot of people say that, you know, they had a shitty teacher.
That's why they got their grade.
But, you know, I think my teacher was a substitute teacher that year, actually.
I'm very young, like 24 or something, I don't remember, but I think I corrected him once or twice in a lesson and that was like not the best idea to do, even if it's, you know, correct.
So it ended up being the second best grade.
I don't think he liked me very much, but it is what it is.
So, all right, apart from chemistry and PE, straight A's, what led you to actually go for the straight A's?
Well, I think it was a couple of things.
I played a shit ton of games growing up and I know that a lot of people have these nagging parents where you're not allowed to play games, they will shut off your internet and I've heard all of these stories from friends and whatnot.
My mother said that I could play as much games as I want as long as I have the best grades.
So that was like a deal between us, which worked out very well.
Very little drama revolving my computer gaming.
And also the fact that once I started going for these highest grades, I had, you know,
Friends that also was going for the highest grade.
So it became somewhat of a friendly competition, you know, where the punishment was banter.
If you fucked up a test or report or, you know, so it became, you know, a little bit of both, you know, the fact that you're allowed to play as much games as you want and competition wise.
Would you describe your childhood was then all just studying and gaming?
Yes, I would say exclusively gaming and studying.
But it helps that you're smart, so a bit more gaming than studying.
And in terms of games and gaming, were you also on the top?
Were you also the best?
Yeah, I've always had an easy time with games.
I started playing at a very young age, right?
You had friends who also played games, so it became a lot of gaming.
I figured out that I was pretty good at games and still am.
When you say pretty good at games, what did you feel that you did differently than others that you had?
Well, I think that what it comes down to in games is there are, of course, different genres, but if you want to be good at several genres of games, you have to have a pretty good pattern recognition, logical thinking.
Those are the foundations, I think.
You have to be able to pick up on what works and what doesn't work very fast whenever you're learning a new game genre.
You can be very good at one specific game if you have good reactions or if you're fast with your fingers, you can be good at RTS.
So it depends, but if you want to be good at several games, it has to be logical thinking, I think, which is the most important one.
Alright, so do you remember any unhappy times?
For example here in Stockholm or then later when you moved to Spain?
Unhappy times?
Well, I didn't grow up with... Both of my parents were into real estate.
They worked with real estate quite heavily.
And back in the early 90s, there was a real estate crash where everyone basically lost everything if you were leveraged.
And most people were because the banks were lending out a lot of money.
Four real estate projects and stuff back then.
So growing up,
I didn't have the most money.
Obviously, everything is relative.
I still lived in Sweden, which was lucky, I guess, compared to other countries.
But overall, if you compare it to your surroundings, it wasn't that much.
Which you always do as a person.
Yes, of course.
Would you say that the experience of not having...
Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, I believe that growing up tough skin and being resilient is 10% nature, 9% nurture.
I think you're very heavily affected by your surroundings and obviously if you grow up with little money then your goal is going to be to make a lot of money later in life, right?
You don't want to feel this your entire life, right?
So it makes sense that
I personally had that as a goal.
I didn't have a specific job I wanted to do.
It kept going from whatever job I found out made the most money, you know.
So the goal was always to get rich.
So can you be more specific?
What kind of, you know, jokes were you actually thinking about?
I mean, first it was, you know, doctors were earning this and then corporate lawyers I found out.
At the age of 10, they were earning a lot of money defending these big companies.
It just went to whatever is the highest paying.
Later on in life, you realize that finance and those kind of things in general is the big givers.
I went to one of the best schools in Sweden, real estate and finance.
I studied before I started streaming because I realized that streaming was jumping 15 years ahead in the career ladder, you know, and then I could make my own choices even if I wanted to do what I was studying later on.
Going back to games, so obviously this is something that you were doing from the age of five until now, now you're 30, 31?
31, yes, unfortunately.
Do you still enjoy gaming?
Yes, I still love gaming, it's still my biggest hobby.
I think I did a pretty good job at
Keeping it a hobby instead of turning it into a full-fledged job.
I don't take the streaming part as serious as I take the gaming part.
I'm still enjoying games.
I will probably still game when I'm 60, I think.
And in terms of
Before you were thinking about becoming a doctor or a corporate lawyer, was there a time or around that time when you thought, all right, I can actually make money out of gaming?
Yeah, I mean, the goal was always to get into a very good school and then finish university and get a good job at some place, climb the career ladder and be wealthy by the time I'm, you know, 40 plus or something, which is usually how it goes.
Or real wealthy then, if you're lucky.
But then I still always play games through my entire life, right?
There was a point where I was playing StarCraft and I saw all these prize pools and I'm thinking to myself, hey, maybe it's fucking 2011 or 10 or whatever.
Maybe you can earn a lot of money playing video games nowadays, which was stupid sounding back then, honestly.
All I have to do is win all these tournaments with these hundreds and thousands of dollars in prize pools and it will be easy.
I can do what I like and earn money.
But then the Koreans came and that's not possible.
No one can win that much unless you put in
16 hours a day and it's not reasonable in the long run.
So I quickly gave up on playing games professionally.
And then I did see a few years later, though, a chance of earning money as a content creator instead.
With StarCraft and just, you know, understanding that, hey, this is probably a dead end for me.
How quickly did you realize this?
Well, it did take some years.
Honestly, I don't remember if it was 2012 or 2013, but
Between two and three years, it was still fun to play and it was still fun to go on tournaments and stuff.
But it wasn't something that you can do in the long run.
You have to start thinking about your future at one point.
And, you know, I went back to school.
I was playing during school to university.
But this time with a serious outlook on school.
But then I saw, you know, an opportunity with streaming when I was almost done with school and I was like, damn, I could skip 15 years, you know, climbing the company ladder if I just take a shot at the streaming thing right now.
But it has to be now or never.
So I know I ditched the last course I had before my exam, you know, graduation.
Do you remember?
What was the last course?
It was statistics.
I love statistics and it's implemented into... It was one of the reasons why I became so good with Hearthstone, counting cards and the chances of getting the exact cards you need remaining in your deck.
I love it, but the university statistics is a little bit too over-exaggerated.
It's not really implemented the same way as the lesser stuff.
It's more the...
The calculators and the pre-programmed, you know, formulas and stuff using that.
So, yeah, I didn't finish that course, but it was the last course I had.
So you realized, first you realized that there is no future in StarCraft for you.
Then you realized that, hey, there is this chance, you know, jumping at...
This streaming or gaming or content creating bandwagon and actually making some money.
So you turn to this.
But then I actually read in one of the, I don't think it was an interview, but I think it was a transcript of one of your streams when you also really quickly realized that within streaming, if you are chasing viewership money,
This is also a very dangerous road to go on.
Can you speak a little bit about this?
Yeah, sure.
Well, I mean, as I said before, my goal was always to become rich.
And even in my first couple of years of streaming, I still had that mentality.
I was still chasing, you know,
The higher viewership, you know, the sponsors and all the events and all that.
But I quickly realized that, you know, like it's a never ending battle.
I vividly remember counting like, oh, my God, I am earning $5,000 a month playing video games for a living.
Oh my god, I'm earning $10,000 playing video games for a living.
And oh my god, I'm earning $15,000 a month playing video games for a living.
But I realized this is the never-ending battle of dopamine rushes that will eventually give you diminishing returns.
You know, you are already the 1%, top 1%, right?
Why do you have to be the top 0.1%?
Like it's better to be completely, you know, stress-free, completely, you know, relaxed and happy in your life.
It's better to enjoy being the 1% than being stressed at the top 0.1% or 0.01% or whatever it is you're chasing, right?
So as long as you are completely stress-free in your life, you don't even need that much money.
Because even the most ordinary life, when it's completely stress-free, you have no anxiety or anything, it becomes a pretty good life, even without all the materialistic things.
I think this is very, very rare that you can be so conscious about making this decision at the very early stage because I think many people realize this a little bit later in life when
There is either no damage that was already done to their private life, to their health, or there's basically no turning back.
So why do you think that you saw it before it actually happened?
Well, I realized that it was like any other addiction and the sooner you break an addiction, the easier it becomes to break it.
So if you realize that, you know, you are never going to stop chasing the next goal early on, it becomes that much easier to just stop right there, be happy with what you got and just like,
Do what makes you happy.
Play what makes you happy.
Don't cater to other people.
You're already earning a lot.
Just play what you want to play.
Be stress-free in your life.
Take days off when you want to take days off.
Don't do anything for anyone else.
People sometimes feel like they owe your audience something, but you really don't.
They made you who you are, but they didn't do it out of their own kind, free will.
They were entertained by what you did.
It was a mutual thing.
So a lot of streamers feel like they owe their audience to be live every day and do long streams.
But in reality,
You had a mutual growth when it comes to the stream and you should just do what makes you happy because in the long run you're gonna burn yourself out chasing that stuff and it's a never-ending battle.
This is what I, you know, when I talk to you, this is, I think, a pattern, you know, we talked before that I see that is really repeating that you see something, you are super aware to actually take a step back and look at the situation, kind of analyze which direction, you know, you would probably be going.
I don't think actually many people have this ability or they realize it a little bit later.
Would you maybe have some advice?
Because it seems that you are super aware of when you're speaking about stress, you're speaking about anxiety, you're speaking about stress-free, which can translate to being happy.
So you seem to be super aware of what is happening.
What advice would you have for people, how to make the step back, how to actually realize that something is happening that may not be the best for them?
I think it's very hard.
A lot of people are stressed, a lot of people are depressed.
They have a hard time pinpointing why.
I think that it's hard for a lot of people to stop caring about stuff and become stress free because people are lonely, right?
And in order to fit in with other people, they need to care about
You know, what they care about.
And it's things, if you are in a group where people are chasing, you know, success.
You also need to chase success.
Otherwise, you know, you're going to be shunned out of the group, right?
If you're in a group with people who care about a certain type of politics, you also have to care about that.
There is a saying that you are the result of the five people that you most frequently interact with.
So if you are in an environment that really cares about this stuff, you automatically care about it yourself, even though if it's not your motivation and it goes against your biology, against your feelings.
So yeah, continue.
Yeah, I think it's very important to break out of anxiety and depression and stress and all that stuff.
Mostly because of these factors.
There's a light at the end of the tunnel too.
You're building resilience right now if you are stressed and depressed and whatever.
It might not be the healthiest for your body, but your body is building
How can you, what would be the advice for people who, because I think at the end of the day, if you feel anxious and you feel unhappy, stressed, that it may be a moment for you to step back and actually become aware of what is happening in your life.
And I think you hit a really important note by saying that
It comes from actually, not from how you feel, but from what is happening around you and what other people feel about you.
It's kind of this, you know, external thing that you might not have under control.
So I think this is a really, really important point.
And do you remember when you, was it a gradual process for you to realize that actually- To grow a thick skin, you mean?
To grow a thick skin, but actually, you know, the beginning, just to start realizing,
Fuck, it's actually about me.
Yeah, I think it's always, not always, sometimes you have this eureka moment, but it's very rare.
I think it's more often than not a gradual process where you get thicker skin, but it comes a lot from, you know, reflecting a lot and really thinking about stuff in order to...
To become resilient, you have to think about what actually matters.
People who are anxious and stressed, they think about worst case scenarios and these are like unlikely events, but your brain makes you think that it's the most likely cause to happen, right?
Or the worst case usually, because I usually go through that as well.
And the worst case is usually not something that you cannot reverse.
So you can always, you know, take it back.
So it's not like the worst, worst case.
Yeah, and I mean, there is always, whenever I felt, you know, stressed or whatever in the past, I always felt a little bit good about it though, because I know...
Or I knew rather that I was developing, you know, something good out of it.
You know, next time I will be more resilient or next time I won't make this mistake.
You know, you will always get something good out of every bad situation.
You will always get something bad out of every good situation, too.
But you don't have to think about that.
This is a really interesting point and I think a very valid point.
There's a research and I think it was done by
Mrs. McGonagall, Kate, something like that.
Mrs. McGonagall, is that Harry Potter professor?
Yeah, it seems like, but she's actually a very profound and prolific writer and she writes about stress and anxiety.
And she was writing about the stress for her whole life.
And then there was one research paper that showed that it's not really stress itself, but it's really how you think about stress.
Maybe you feel and you think about stress that is actually destroying your life, then it will.
But if you feel that it's something that is actually helping you develop into becoming something better, something stronger,
It will do that as well.
Of course, there's chronic stress and short term stress, but I think how you think about it really, really matters.
Yeah, for sure.
For sure.
It's all about the mindset.
Alright, so did you, going into specifics, what did you learn not to do to avoid stress or to feel better?
Was there any particular activities and particular things that you started to avoid or not doing that eventually made you feel better?
Well, the first thing that comes to mind is, of course,
Social media and just doing browsing, you know, the internet and stuff.
I think we as humans, I think technology has developed way faster, way, way, way faster than our, you know, biology as humans can keep up with.
And we're getting too much intake all the time, right?
You know, there's tons of research probably done on this.
But I truly believe that
We're getting too much impressions all the time from the internet.
These are advice that a lot of people know about, but maybe they don't do it yet.
But for example, don't bring your phone into bed, right?
Avoid anything that interrupts your sleep at best.
Don't keep your phone on.
The best thing is if you can just cut out social media altogether.
A lot of people feel pressured to do it because that's something to talk about amongst your circle of friends.
Even if it's just online friends, right?
You have to keep up with what's happening in your little gaming world or Bitcoin world or whatever circle you're into, right?
So they feel forced to do it, but it's really not good for you, is what I believe.
I feel like it's...
They end up bringing it to bed and they end up sleeping poorly because of it, right?
And sleep is so important.
Yeah, not only that.
And I think it's a lot about, you know, basically these technologies.
And this is just hitting the nail on the head with the technology versus our biology.
Our biology didn't...
And we're on our way to see Forsen.
Hello, I am Forsen, the best gamer in the world.
You're going to have a hard time and I think limiting it because it's tough to just cut yourself off completely but limiting is definitely one of the things to do.
Yeah, and not just social media.
People are working now, for example, with these flex work hours from home and they're always...
They always have their emails or business or working emails connected to their phones at all times of the day.
Job no longer becomes a routine, it becomes spread out, scattered all over the day.
I think it's very important to have routines.
I think that's how we're supposed to function.
Of course, you can change routines and biological clocks a little bit over time.
But, you know, in general, you should have set times of the day.
Your body really enjoys knowing what happens next.
Not eating randomly at random hours, it fucks up your whole thing.
But yeah, I think routine is very important and technology really ruins that when everything is available at all times and, you know.
Keeps you distracted.
Yes.
And unfocused, definitely.
All right, so you've...
I want to get back to speaking about routines because I think this is a big topic.
But could you tell me a story when you made a big mistake which eventually turned into a really, really valuable lesson for you?
I mean, I learned something from every mistake.
I can't say...
A big specific one, but I remember as a kid playing poker, or sorry, that poker boom had just started, right?
And I thought I was so good at games so I could become as good as this too, you know?
So I bought some poker...
I love literature and theory and I knew it by heart.
I could close the book and I could tell you exactly what you should do with every hand on every position of the board.
But once, and I played like perfectly with play money.
And then I inserted $100, you know, at the age of 12 or whatever, which is a lot back then to play with.
And I lost it all playing with real money.
And I had such anxiety over it and stress over it because, you know, I didn't know what happened.
I played so bad, even though I played everything perfectly on the play money and theory and I...
I realized that, you know, you can't become good at something without doing it in practice, you know.
You can do skydiving theory all you want, but you have to jump out of that plane, you know, to really learn skydiving, right?
And hopefully succeed.
Yeah, and hopefully succeed.
What's the best meal that you can do?
What's the best meal I can do?
I'm pretty good at the steaks.
Steaks?
Yeah, I always get them perfectly.
And is it just a simple meat and salt or do you have any special Forsen sauce?
I am not a sauce person.
I don't eat almost any sauce.
So I just like if you make the steak well, that's saucy enough.
All right, and do you have any special pans or any just a regular pan, piece of meat?
I don't know what they're called.
Okay, so tell me the recipe.
Okay, well, you take out the steak and you throw some butter and some oil in the pan.
High heat, of course.
Some salt and pepper.
I don't really eat salt that much anymore.
On the steak?
On the steak, yes, of course, yes.
When it's in the pan.
When it's in the pan.
Okay, in the pan.
And you just, depending on how you like it done, but I like my medium rare, so it's... Yeah, so it's very high heat, flip it once each side, right?
You slice up some potatoes, long slices, circular, put it in the oven, do some olive oil.
I used to salt, but I don't salt really anymore.
And then when you're done, you put in some extra butter in the pan with the meat and some cream and make a little bit of sauce out of that.
My trick is then use a little bit of garlic, but just smash the garlic, don't cut it because you can burn it very, very, very easily.
But even then put it and just put the buttery, garlicky stuff on the steak, then it's delicious.
Yeah, it's good stuff.
I don't...
It's sad to cut out salt but it's actually really good because you need so little salt once you get used to it for it to be the same.
But here I think we would disagree a little bit because I am a big believer in salt.
So salt is actually, if you don't have of course there is health issues.
If you have metabolic syndrome, if you are not living a very healthy life, then salt can be detrimental in terms of higher blood pressure and stuff like this.
But actually you need salt and you need a lot of it.
So I am a fan of salt.
Well, I'm not a scientist myself, so I cannot say, I can just say what, you know, a lot of scientists have said in the past.
But, you know, these things change all the time, you know, everything that gives you cancer and now it doesn't give you cancer, you know.
It's hard to follow, but I feel like there's a lot of salt added into products anyway.
Added salt is, I don't think, the most necessary thing, but I don't think it kills you.
Do you feel, you know, if you look at the obvious risks of streaming and I, you know, I always say this to all of our streamers that you are really fighting against your biology because usually you are streaming at night.
Usually there's like big lights shining at you which messes up your, as you said, circadian rhythms and biology and all sorts of stuff.
There's also the
And I'm here to talk about Dopamine Rush.
And Dopamine Rush is that you mentioned with, you know, viewers looking at the viewer count, donations, subscriptions.
So it's a tough job, you know, mentally and actually to keep sane.
And I think many people get gobbled up.
Any advice for people to actually, this is not a good question, but do you see a mistake or a pattern that is happening again and again with people that are streaming and then they later on pay the price?
Yes, of course.
I mean, it's not really that much of a mistake, but whatever you do at the start of your streaming career sets the tone for the remainder.
It's very hard for streamers to break free from something if it takes too long for them to realize.
So a lot of streamers can be stuck with one game
Forever, because, you know, they jumped ship
You know, too late and it didn't work out and, you know, they go back and forth.
And a lot of streamers, I think they need to set the atmosphere early on.
I know it's hard because when you're a new streamer, what's working is working.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
But, you know, there will be a point in time where you might want to do something else.
And if you haven't already set the...
I have a question for you guys.
I have a question for you guys.
I have a question for you guys.
So there are things like that, of course, for new streamers.
There are other life hacks, of course, where if you know you're going to have a bad day streaming, there's some other big streamer, you know,
Streaming in your place and is doing some big event or something, you know, one of your competitors.
People often say, oh, be consistent, stream every day, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
But sometimes it's better not to stream those days if you are thinking about your viewership and all that stuff.
Because I think it was Soda Poppin who said, you're only as good as your last two streams, which I actually agree with quite a lot.
You're only as good as your last two streams because those are the streams that the people remember.
So if you have like really bad streams, it can really affect your whole channel like negatively.
But this is only if you're in it for the grind game and for the climbing the viewer ladder and stuff like that.
I see people make this mistake thinking that consistency is the most important thing when in fact, playing it smart is the most important thing.
All right, all right.
You know, understanding where you come from and how you, you know, throughout the years, where of, you know, your mental situation developing, how you developed some resilience, mental toughness.
The question that comes to mind is what was first?
Forsen or the Forsen Vice?
Was that the, you know, did the community find you and because they are so engaging
Yeah, I understand the question.
It was the chicken or the egg.
I mean, obviously the community started to form like this because of my lack of care, so to speak, about a lot of things.
I did not care about moderation or political topics or anything like that.
And then obviously then the community forms based on that.
And then, you know, my resilience forms because of that community towards that type of community.
So I think it was a process of...
So the community shaped you, but you also kind of shaped the group.
Yes, I was the egg.
I was first.
But then the hen laid the next egg, right?
Okay.
And do you see any development with the community or did you have any clashes throughout the year that come to mind?
I clash with them all the time because I think it's fun.
I think it's fun to piss them off and they think it's fun to piss me off.
Any examples that come to mind?
Nah, it's just a constant banter, really.
No, no specifics, just a constant banter.
I like playing what I feel like playing.
Some people don't like that and there's an issue at hand.
Unfortunately for them, I have the final say, so I always win.
But it's fun for them to try.
The first question is what game character do you most identify with and why?
I think Kratos from God of War because he's pretty badass.
He has a nice beard too.
Yeah, I see the similarity.
Yeah, I do.
I will probably at one point.
All right.
So what's your absolute favorite thing, word or phrase to say right now?
Surely.
All right.
And what do you spend a silly amount of money on?
Oh,
I don't.
Steak?
No, not anymore.
I don't eat that much meat anymore.
No, I don't actually spend a silly amount of money on anything, actually.
I mean, games, I would say, but, you know, that's just business, you know, business expenses.
Alright, so why do your friends like you?
Why do my friends like me?
Because they have to.
We've known each other since kindergarten, pretty much.
It's not their choice.
If you could design a perfect game for yourself, what would it look like?
For myself, it would be some competitive game.
The genre, I don't know.
A very nice competitive game.
I don't know.
My head is like for the stream, for playing on stream, for playing off stream.
No, for yourself.
Only for myself.
Yeah, you're banned from Twitch.
Okay.
You just can enjoy your game in peace.
What game are you playing?
I would play something competitive.
Probably FPS, I think, if I had to pick a genre, but a card game could work too.
Okay, describe your life in one Twitch emote.
Seems good, man.
Alright, if you could reincarnate as anything, a thing, a person, an animal, what would it be?
Probably a dog, I think.
I think dogs with owners, good owners, live pretty good lives.
They're stress-free and they have short lives, but not to them, you know.
To them, it's just an ordinary life.
I think a dog would be my choice.
Alright, what do you think hell would look like for you?
What hell would look like for me?
On a serious note, maybe being in an actual asylum.
I think if you are not mentally insane, but everyone does believe it and you're forced to be in an asylum, I think that's a very scary situation.
Ironically enough, yeah.
Okay.
If you could time travel, what time would you like to go to but permanently?
You cannot go back.
Permanently.
All right.
So...
I would probably go back to maybe the 50s because that's far enough away from the internet that I wouldn't care that much once I got to that age.
Yeah, I think the 50s were a good time living through all the 60s, 70s, 80s, 90s.
As a real estate investor.
As a whatever, I'm a plumber even, you know, like I think it's just better times back then.
Okay.
What is the most challenging thing about being yourself?
The most challenging thing about being myself?
Being so goddamn good at every game, you know.
There's no progress, I'm just the best instantly.
Alright, what do you consider your best investment so far?
It could be in yourself, money investment, buying a book, learning a new skill.
Best investment in myself?
I think my first microphone and webcam for streaming, I guess.
Good answer.
So what was your most valuable failure?
The one that you learned the most from?
And what did you learn?
Uh...
Well, I would say that one of them was the poker thingy.
Right, so except salt in the past two years, is there anything particular that you completely changed your mind about?
In the last two years, I don't think I changed my mind about anything in specific, but, you know, last five years or five to six years, I've changed my mind about, you know,
What the end goal of life is, you know, not about climbing the success ladder, as we talked about earlier.
And this is like a gradual thing that you come to realize with wisdom and age that you have to be happy about the situation, you know, instead of chasing potential
What is the worst advice commonly given out in your field that you think is completely useless?
Well, I see a lot of people being burnt out on a specific game or just streaming in general.
And then I see all these people replying that, you know, take off or play whatever you want.
We still, you know, we still watch whatever you want to do, you know.
They're giving advice as a hive mind when in reality they're all separate beings and it's just a shitty advice for streamers to listen to in general.
I think that they should do whatever they want but they have to truly believe it themselves and not believe that their audience will be there for them at any given time.
In recent times, is there anything you have become better at saying no to?
No.
What did you learn from games that you apply in real life?
Growing up, it was English.
Nowadays, I think that playing games keeps the logical thinking part of your brain active, which is applied in real life too, right?
So as long as you keep that part of your brain active, it's good for real life stuff too.
What is the one thing you would like to change about yourself?
Right now, nothing.
What do you do when you feel unfocused, distracted or overwhelmed?
I don't get stressed or overwhelmed that often or anxiety.
Yeah, I mean, I guess my stream knows this, but whenever I get like tech issues and stuff, I can't stand it when 500 different people are trying to give you
Different advice on how to fix something tech related and I have no clue what I'm doing.
And you know, it's taking away from the game on what to play, you know, like the fucking this hassle.
I just, nope, shut down.
I'll do this tomorrow with a new mindset.
I'm done with this right now.
I'll do this, you know, off stream or tomorrow.
So I kind of like just push it forward and prevent myself from, you know, becoming too stressed about anything.
And you like to change that?
I don't like to change that.
I think it's a good method.
You push it a little bit.
People push things too far into the future.
But just, you know, if you're overwhelmed by something, just leave it until after you fucking slept or after you ate or after you went for a walk or something, you know, don't do it in the moment.
But don't push it too far.
In what situations do you doubt yourself the most?
In what situations do I doubt myself the most?
Apart from the technical stuff.
When I'm not pretending and I'm actually bad at a game, then I'm doubting myself.
And in this case, what do you do when you need to boost your confidence?
I play a game I'm better at.
Alright, so maintaining control.
Perfect.
In what situations do you feel that you have the most control?
Always.
I always feel like I'm in control.
On a more serious note, right?
Whenever I play a game, I'm good at... I'm in control.
Alright, so playing games.
Yeah, playing games.
So if you were to give a TED talk on anything but your primary focus, which is streaming and games, what would it be?
I would have to look up a lot of terms and whatnot, but the general philosophy
I think I never read any philosophy, but everything I have ever thought of, there is a philosopher who thought of it before, right?
So they have terms for it.
But in general, I think philosophy is a fairly interesting topic.
All right.
So knowing what you know now, what advice would you give to a five years or ten years younger version of yourself?
Invest in Amazon?
Good answer.
Good answer.
All right.
So how would you spend your life if you had $100 million in your bank account right now?
Meaning you don't have to care about money.
The same way.
I barely spend any money.
I live very humble, I have routines that don't cost anything, you know, walks are free.
I would pretty much spend it the same way, honestly.
Maybe I would.
Maybe I would start some game company on the side, fully run by people while I'm still streaming.
Make some games maybe that I can play on stream.
Any games, really.
I would pretty much live the same way, I think.
If Hollywood made a movie about you, what would the title of that movie be?
I thought my chat could come up with more stuff than me about this one.
We'll ask them.
The God game.
All right.
You don't take too many sponsorships.
Still, you decided to give our partnership a try.
Can you say why you decided to work with us or what was different?
Well, I mean, Elky, a mutual friend of ours, introduced us first and told me about it.
And before I decided to hop on the train, I tried out your product for a month off stream.
And to me, it was a very good substitute for coffee because I like to take it a little bit into the stream and I don't like hassling with coffee during that.
It's just more convenient and I'm really lazy.
So it's just better for me.
And, you know, on top of that, adding the nutrients and stuff and vitamins and stuff on top of the caffeine is an extra added bonus for me.
It worked for me and I've been using it now for a year.
And how do you feel, what do you think about the brand MadMonq and this goal of actually pushing gamers for healthier lives, both physically and mentally?
Does it resonate?
Maybe I will rephrase the question and I'll just keep it simple.
So what do you think about our brand and what are we trying to do in the gaming world?
Well, you're trying to increase and help out with people's health.
Gamers aren't the healthiest of people, as we all know.
And I come to realize this during my years of gaming that we're all so lazy, right?
That's part of it.
And whatever little thing we can do that doesn't take too much of our energy and time,
We gladly do.
So I think it's very good focusing on the health aspect of gaming because I don't think people should play as much as they do or they should be in front of the computer as much as they do, but they do.
So whatever can help with your intake of whatever your body needs or whatever your mind needs, it's good.
And looking into the future, how do you feel the health of gamers, both physical and mental, is going to develop?
Honestly, I think it's pretty downhill from here for most gamers because, you know, everything is becoming more convenient.
You can order food, you can order your groceries, soon you won't be able to, you know, you don't have to leave your house.
So, it's important that people realize this themselves and, you know, take some actions and go for walks and take supplements if you need it, you know, if you don't eat properly, you know.
Do whatever fits your schedule, whatever helps you boost your health.
Because I don't think people should necessarily stop gaming, just compensate with other stuff along with it.
So what is too much gaming?
How would you define it for yourself right now?
Too much gaming, I don't think it's a fixed number of hours or anything like that.
I think it's when you start feeling bad and you are not enjoying gaming as much.
That's when it's too much.
You should refresh.
You know, go outside sounds cliche, but, you know, it works unless you live in dark Sweden, you know.
OK, maybe not that part.
But but yeah.
Apart from going on walks, having a fixed streaming schedule and taking MadMonq and Champion, what are other ways that you think about your health?
I barely eat any sugar.
And if I do, it's, you know, from fruit juice.
Yeah, exactly.
But not that much anymore.
I try to really, really limit my sugar intake.
So no chips, no candies, no sodas.
And you get used to it, you know, and you feel better.
Sleep is very important too.
How long do you sleep?
Not enough, but that's because of, you know, dogs.
Interviews like this.
It's hard to get proper sleep in a capital, I think.
I think you need to move outside of a capital to get really good sleep.
If you don't sleep well, what do you observe on yourself when you don't sleep well?
Well, focus, my focusing times become shorter and shorter.
Eyes hurt.
Yeah, the usual stuff, you know, concentration.
Yeah.
Thanks a lot, Sebastian.
Thank you.
It was a pleasure talking.
Let's do this again.
Absolutely.
Thanks.
